README - Waypoints (v0.3.0)

To install the plugin, drop it into your plugin folder that resides in your default Bukkit directory.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
When you start your server a folder named 'Waypoints' will be created within the plugin folder. Inside of
this new 'Waypoints' folder 3 files will be generated: waypoints.txt, playerpoints.txt and config.txt.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
waypoints.txt - This file contains the save data for each physical waypoint.
playerpoints.txt - This file contains the save data for the waypoint that each player is bound to.
config.txt - This file contains all configuration settings for the plugin.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
After all the files are generated you may change around the options in config.txt if you wish. For any
changes to apply you must restart the server. Always stop the server using the 'stop' command to ensure
that all critical data is saved.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
If you are using GroupManager the permission nodes you need to add are:
waypoints.wpuse       (for /wpbind, /wpfree, /wpunbind if 'limit-use' and 'use-group-manager' are TRUE)
waypoints.addpoint    (for /wpadd)
waypoints.delpoint    (for /wpdel)
waypoints.savepoint   (for /wpsave)
waypoints.cleanpoint  (for /wpclean)

Read through the generated config.txt for more details on each config option.

If you're missing a property in config.txt here's a list of all required entries and their default values:

protect-players=true
allow-unbind=true
seperate-worlds=true
limit-use=false
force-autosave=true
delete-missing-points=true
use-group-manager=false
protection-radius=8
save-radius=12
data-save-interval=15

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

To bind yourself to a point if the config is not set to bind players automatically a player must type
the command /wpbind from within the given 'save radius'.

Also you can unbind yourself from a Waypoint by using the command /wpunbind or it's alias /wpfree. This
feature may be diabled in config.txt if you do not want to allow players to unbind.

You can use the command /wpclean to search for and remove any bedrock nearby (in the radius defined by
'save-radius' from config.txt) if it's not a part of a valid Waypoint.


 - Endain